MAR 558 ManyChat Tutorial (#27)
ConversationalComponents/docs: docs/tutorials/Use_a_component_as_ManyChat_DevTool.md

> # Use CoCo Component As ManyChat Dev-Tool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Use a conversational component in ManyChat
```

At the following tutorial we'll create a flow for [ManyChat](https://manychat.com/) that will implement 

> [CoCo Namer component](https://cocohub.ai/blueprint/namer_vp3/about) in it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Get Name component](https://cocohub.ai/blueprint/namer_vp3/about) in it.
```
